Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 14 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warrent are more similar than Bernie Sanders and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?



This approach is misleading because some candidates are following many more people than others.
For example, BernieSanders is following 1391 people while JoeBiden only follows 22.
Results are then biased as BernieSanders is very likely to have a bigger overlap score without regard to similarity with other candidates.

To fix this problem, I might normalize the score of each candidate by dividing it by the numbers of friends.



2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_bernie_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.



Both candidates follow the Vice-President, which is very understandable given they are both candidates to the presidential election
and have important political functions.



3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Bernie Sanders follows over 1.3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?



Bernie Sanders has to make many alliances in order to strengthen his position what may make him use Twitter's following list as a marketing tool
as Donald Trump may have to use it more carefully as being president of the USA.



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?



We know our four candidates have 1952 friends (without regard to common friends).
The average number of Twitter followers - which is the very same than the average number of friends - varies a lot depending on sources:
some estimate 208 followers (https://yourescapefrom9to5.com/average-number-of-twitter-followers-is-208-infographic) while others give a number of 707 (https://kickfactory.com/blog/average-twitter-followers-updated-2016/). Let say it's 450.

In order to get the full list of friends of friends of our candidates, we have to do about 2000 * 450 = 900,000 requests.
Because we can make 15 requests every 15 minutes, this will take approximately 900,000 minutes = 625 days (almost two years).
